Update Sync Association resource to include sync metadata for all subkeys (#2202)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vault: website/docs/r/secrets_sync_association.html.md

The following attributes are exported in addition to the above:

> * `sync_status` - A map of sync status for each subkey of the associated secret
>   (for ex. `{kv_624bea/aws-token/dev: "SYNCED", kv_624bea/aws-token/prod: "SYNCED"}`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `sync_status` - A map of sync statuses for each subkey of the associated secret
  (for ex. `{kv_624bea/aws-token/dev: "SYNCED", kv_624bea/aws-token/prod: "SYNCED"}`).
```

* `subkeys` - A list of subkeys for the associated secret.

> * `updated_at` - A map of duration string specifying when the associated secret was last updated
>   for each subkey of the associated secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `updated_at` - A map of duration strings specifying when each subkey of the associated
  secret was last updated.
```
